# RationShopManagement
The Ration Shop Management application is developed for managing the daily availability of the stocks and providing it for the customers in an economically efficient process. So the main objective of our application is to keep track of the available stocks from the start of the day which includes the processes like deduction of the count of the sold-out stocks and reporting the left out stocks the next day.This application also consists of authenticating the customer(providing the customer's identity) based on the card number.The customer should be able to view their monthly purchase and also the billing details.
# Problem Description
Ration Shops are one of the busiest shopping places in our country. Maintaining Stocks in a Ration Shop is a very tedious process. When you add the complexity of adding New Stocks daily and decrementing the Stocks after each purchase, the problem takes a whole new shape. Also, there is the process of Billing after each purchase made by the customer to maintain track of the Stocks sold out and to account the revenue earned after each purchase. These processes are being carried out Manually in various parts of our country. Manual Calculation is prone to errors and might lead to lots of confusion in these crowded market place which might lead to quite a ruckus.
# Functionality of the Project
The software designed helps in the validation of the customers' identification, allows the admin and customers to view the daily available stocks in the ration shop, and assist in billing operations.
